---
layout: post
title: Why I Am A Hush Core Developer
---

{{ page.title }}
================

I have been making web apps for 20(!) years now. I started with making credit
card processing CGI scripts in Perl in 1997. We have come a long way.

The web and Perl have treated me so well, but I find that web apps feel boring
to me. Mostly websites these days are run by internet marketers trying to sell
you penis pills or tell you how to "live free" by strapping into the horrific
and sick Facebook Ads ecosystem. When I started, the web was free, like the
Wild West. It has become so centralized by greedy and sick people who want
nothing more than to drive a new SUV every few months and live in a McMansion
in a gated community. The web I knew is almost dead, but I see a glimmer of
hope.

<a href="http://miner.myhush.org"><img border=0 src="http://stilgar.leto.net/hush_puppy.png" alt="Hush Puppy"></a>

That hope is The Blockchain. Bitcoin and the currently almost 1000
cryptocurrenices that have spawned from it enable so many amazing things, in a
completely decentralized manner. It is the Wild West on The Blockchain, and the
future of web apps are to be blockchain-enabled, to interact with the vast
decentralized ecosystems of new cryptocoins, digital currencies and
applications powered by these new coins.

I have been involved, mining and learning about Bitcion since 2011, when it was
only $0.30 USD, and it is hovering around $5000 USD lately. I have known about
many of the other "altcoins" for years, but never paid them any attention. But
when the big Bitcion / Bitcoin Cash split happened, I dove deep into
understanding what was going on, and happened to stumble upon Hush, a fork of
the very respectable Zcash cryptocoin. Zcash and Hush just "make sense" and fix
so many issues with the underlying Bitcoin for various use cases. For instance,
all transaction amounts in Bitcoin are public, so you can search for all
transactions of say, 1.238045 BTC and see who makes transactions of that
amount. It is a metadata leak, among many many other things.

[Zcash](https://z.cash), [Hush](https://myhush.org) and cryptocoins based on [zkSNARK](https://z.cash/technology/zksnarks.html) technology are the future, and I do
not see anything else out there remotely as interesting as the future of money
in our soceity.

